hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
supernatural horror film dr sleep
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
the movie begins with a murder scene
somewhere in the woods of florida in the
1980s
violet hansen a young girl who is
camping with her mother wanders in the
forest to pick some flowers
there she encounters a mysterious woman
seated in the lakeside who introduces
herself as rose the hat
this woman lures the girl with magic
tricks
as she catches the attention of violet
this young girl begins to get disturbed
by other people skulking around rose
continues to trick the young girl until
eventually the people sees violet as it
turns out rose is the head honcho of the
true knot a sect of soothsayers who
hound children in order to augment their
lifespans by consuming steam afranic
essence from the torture and murder of
children who have the shining
they travel around america in their rvs
in order to find children who hold this
power and exploit them
the actions of the cult are driven by
greed to do such horrendous acts to
children
indeed this is the very definition of
the word evil
one surely would wonder are they even
still human
in this scene young danny torrance is
still traumatized by what happened to
them at the overlook hotel
he still experiences frightening dreams
and phantasms about the elements that
they saw back in the hotel
at this point wendy his mother is
concerned that her son affectionately
known as doc has not spoken to her since
they left the hotel
danny who possesses psychic powers
visions the spirit of dick halloran who
presents a wooden box
he tells danny that he can use the box
in order to ward off evil spirits
after their conversation
wendy runs to her child who is seated on
the bench
and this scene illustrates a bulletin
board with a missing child notice for
violet hanson
that night danny and wendy are watching
looney tunes on tv
danny goes to the comfort room here he
uses the box in his mind to capture the
bathtub lady which is one of the spirits
he saw back in the overlook hotel and
confines her inside
as danny goes back to his mother he
begins talking to her again
fast forward to the year 2011 danny a
grown-up man now leads a thuggish life
in new jersey and engages in alcoholism
to forget about his shine and cope up
with his troubled childhood
danny figures in her brawl in a bar
beating a man unconscious
he then engages in a wonderful and
pleasurable activity with a woman from
the bar
as he wakes up in the morning with the
woman on the bed he sees her child and
becomes baffled by the sight
meanwhile in a cinema somewhere in long
island andy a 15 year old girl meets up
with an older guy who connected with her
from a dating platform
rose with her agent and paramour crow
daddy happens to be at the cinema and
observes her from distant seats andy who
also has psychic powers manipulates the
older man to make him sleep steals his
wallet and cuts his cheek
then rose and crow chase andy outside
the theater to bring her to their refuge
the story shifts to anniston new
hampshire where there is a birthday
party for ever stone a five-year-old
girl who apparently also has the shining
inside their home abra's parents dave
and lucy see many pieces of spoons
floating in the ceiling of their kitchen
the spoons fall over the table as the
young girl says abracadabra in the
meantime a still phase danny rides a bus
upstate to fraser new hampshire where he
composes himself
while wandering around downtown he meets
and later befriends a local resident
named billy freeman
as they talk danny confesses that he is
running away from something
billy helps danny to secure somewhere to
stay and deal with a strict landlady
in this scene billy and danny develop a
bond out of the ordinary
we can say that it is billy who saved
danny from his desolation and made him
into a new man and that without him
danny could have just ended up to death
and he wakes up the next morning only to
find herself inside rose's rv
rose tells andy that she sees her
potential to be a favorable asset of the
true not
rose offers the teenager whom she
nicknamed snakebite annie a proposition
to join them with the promise that she
can eat well stay young and live long
basically partaking in the evil deeds of
the psychic company
rose and the rest of the true not
members initiate andy into the cult
grandpa flick the oldest member presides
over it
rose grabs a canister saying that it
contains the steam of violet
she funnels it into andy while the other
members take their precious share of it
annie experiences twitching and
screeching until all the shine is
absorbed into her body
danny experiences a nightmare where he
perceives spirits are sleeping beside
him
dan descends to billy's room and asks
for help while he is scared
at that moment billy accompanies danny
to a meeting of alcoholics anonymous at
the local conference danny meets a
doctor john dalton when danny saw that
the doctor was holding on to his wrist
he proceeds to him and says that he left
his watch in the bathroom
impressed by what he saw dalton hires
danny as an orderly in a local hospice
one starry night while he is working in
the hospice danny sees azzy the cat who
went into the room of an old guy
he knows that a patient will pass away
soon when as he comes up to their room
and lays on their bed sensing imminent
death
the old man is afraid of death
but dany comforts and tells him that
dying is simply like falling asleep
with this the man accords the moniker
doctor sleep to danny
the man soon dies and a breath of steam
could be seen emanating from him
danny is soon back home when he sees a
writing on the blackboard wall of his
quarters saying hello to which he
responds by writing hi
after eight years danny discusses in an
aaa meeting how he didn't know his
father and only since being close to him
while intoxicated
this enabled him to recognize that they
were both going through similar
struggles
but danny ultimately chose the path of
righteousness
he continues to work in the hospice in
the same capacity as he did previously
meanwhile the true knot has yet to snap
on a nice victim as of recent subsisting
on canisters containing vestigial shine
from children who are not as steamy
in adair iowa they pin down bradley
trevor a young baseball player who
performs well in games aided by his
shine
the cult members managed to track him
down and lure him into their van
they bring him to a deserted place where
they delight in the steam coming out
from him while they torture him to death
abra senses the deed
she belts out that make her parents
awaken
she then tells them about the murder of
bradley
meanwhile rose perceives the presence of
the young girl and starts wondering
where it came from
danny sees a write-up on his wall
bedroom when inverted this becomes
murder
he writes back who
then abra responds by writing baseball
boy
the cult members then clean up their
mess and kick the boy's corpse into a
shallow grave
at her school abra studies the sudden
disappearance of bradley trevor
as she goes back home she perceives what
the true knot was up to at the moment
she peeks out into her window levitating
briefly while she fetters with rose who
enters her mind
the young girl defenestrates rose out
bringing her down to the floor of the
supermarket where she was in
rose has mixed emotions about what she
just discovered
she relays this to crow and says that
avra might be hard to handle for the
true knot and suggests that she must be
terminated danny and abbott track each
other and talk about the powers they
have
abra informs danny regarding the true
knot the man warns the young girl that
she must avoid getting detected as she
uses her shine on a dark night while he
is in the hospice danny who followed as
he the cat stumbles into dick halloran
the same guy whose spirit he met while
he was a child
dick taps danny's conscience into
realizing what the true knot is up to
and that he must protect abra at all
costs
dick then tells danny that this is the
last time he will be seen by danny
meanwhile rose in revenge for whatever
did penetrates inside her mind while she
sleeps in her room
she sees drawers with files inside and
attempts to scurry among them
abra knew the intentions of rose in
advance the young girl proceeds to trap
rose's hand inside the cabinet
rose ruptures her skin in an attempt to
take her hand away this leaves her hand
bleeding
she notices that when she returns to her
real body the injury remains this
further makes rose burst into anger
conceiving her plan to kill the young
girl
at the same time grandpa flick begins to
cycle he is too weak to live further
and after being comforted by rose who
reminds him about his achievements in
life he passes away and vanishes
the cult members then try to absorb the
steam that remains in him
andy is puzzled at what she saw
here rose reminds her of the fact that
while they can live very long they would
not live forever
abra calls danny once more to request
help in locating the corpse of bradley
through this she would be able to trace
the whereabouts of the true knot
dave and billy venture into the deserted
place where bradley is buried there the
delve into the shallow grave
the two freaked out and nauseated at the
sight of the dead body
the pair bring the glove back to abra
but abra's father knew about her
connection with a certain uncle dan
at first dave her father thinks danny is
some kind of weasel but danny explains
the situation to him
abra finally pinpoints the location of
the cult members she realizes that they
are going after her
danny and billy proceed to the force to
lure the cult while ever tricks them
from her home
danny and billy take advantage of the
wooded cover with their sniper guns and
begin to unleash all hell on the cult
members rose senses the pain while her
cult members are being hounded in the
shootout billy is able to gun down andy
but she goes to manipulate billy into
head shooting himself before she passes
away
at the same time crowe penetrated into
aber's home killing her father and
taking her with him
danny returns to their home
later he connects his mind with that of
abra and enters the mind of crow
the two maneuver crow into driving his
vehicle into a tree
because he failed to wear his seat belt
he is forced out of the vehicle and is
instantly killed
danny meets up with abra and goes on a
road trip to colorado to put up a last
defense against the exasperated rose in
the abandoned overlook hotel high in the
mountains
danny is strong enough to face his fears
as he walks back into the place where
his trauma the frightening event that
completely changed his life that
occurred many years ago
danny has evolved significantly over the
last 40 years
he ceases to be the barbaric
disappointed and wrecked man he once was
he does learn a great deal on his life
journey and discovers his purpose
this scene has an impactful development
that leaves the audience with a positive
aura
danny courageously enters the hotel
peeking through the rooms
then inside the mezzanine bar he meets
the bartender who looks like danny's
father
danny reminisces the fact that her
mother died when he was 20 knowing that
she was dying because of the flies
wandering around her the bartender then
takes the persona of danny's father to
down the drink he offered to danny
as rose finally arrives in the condemned
hotel danny and abra banned into
trapping their adversary in the icy
hedge maze
adra manages to wound rose cutting her
legs while she mockingly imitates rose's
dialogue when she kills bradley
i find this part of the film very
amusing abra's character overall is made
to be that of a cool-headed savvy
all-knowing young girl unlike danny
while he was young somewhat managed to
use her shining in everyday life
she is a perfect successor to danny's
legacy
rose struggles free from danny and
amber's control and sends the young girl
fleeing for her life
this leaves danny at his own devices as
he faces rose alone
rose penetrates into danny's mind and
sees all the fear and trauma that he had
while in the overlook enabling her to
begin taking his shine
but then rose sees the boxes of the
spirits of the overlook thinking that
they have more power
however danny unshackles all the spirits
who eventually converge into rose and
take all of her shine ending her life
things take an unfortunate turn as danny
becomes the next victim of the spirits
who possess him the berserk danny
manages to track abra the young girl is
able to reach into danny's inner self
danny sends abra out of the hotel
already aware of what is going to happen
to him
he takes all the spirits into the boiler
room and causes the overlook to go up in
flames with him
the death of danny torrance is a
meaningful death
is not the death itself that rings the
bell for he has nothing to lose and
everything to gain in life
it is what we can get from it that truly
matters the value of sacrifice and that
we need to let go of the things dear to
us in order to achieve something greater
that will be beneficial in the long run
abra continues to talk with danny's
spirit after he died
when her mother asks about this abbreck
first rebuffs everything that happened
but then confides that she was
communicating with danny and even with
her father
the movie ends when abra and her mother
are watching tv and abra excuses herself
to go to the bathroom where the bathtub
lady lurks
just as young danny did 40 years ago
abra traps the spirit into the box in
her mind
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out